radio,As an educator, how much potential do you feel MOOCs have as a form of professional learning?
	Lots of potential
	Some potential
	Little potential
	No potential

textbox,What was the greatest learning or insight about inquiry and technology that you gained from this course?
textbox,What was something that you gained from this MOOC that you could take back to your own teaching?
textbox,What were some obstacles or problems that you found with the course?

grid,How valuable were these elements of the MOOC for your learning?
choicerange
	Didn't do it
	Not at all important
	Somewhat important
	Important
	Very important
rows
	Professor Slotta’s videos
	UTS leaders’ videos
	Classroom case study videos
	Personal reflections
	Online discussions
	Inquiry activities
	Design strand activities

grid,How interesting did you find each of the following themes?
choicerange
	Not at all important
	Somewhat important
	Important
	Very important
rows
	Defining inquiry
	Designing inquiry Activities and Assessments
	Collaborative Learning
	Handheld and Mobile Devices
	Student Contributed Content and Collective Inquiry
	Inquiry Enactment

textbox,How would you describe the role of the teacher in an inquiry-based learning environment?

grid,This course put forward a particular vision or perspective about technology-enhanced inquiry for K-12 classrooms.  Please rate the following statements about the content of this course.
choicerange
	Strongly disagree
	Disagree
	Neutral
	Agree
	Strongly agree
rows
	There was nothing very new or surprising about these ideas; they are quite basic and familiar to most teachers.
	The ideas and approaches are intriguing, but not likely to be useful for most teachers
	The ideas about backward design are important, and useful for all teachers.
	The role of a teacher in enacting inquiry is quite different from that of normal classroom teaching
	Technology allows for student-centered designs, and there are an increasing number of available tools and applications to support teachers in designing such activities.

radio,What would be an ideal length of time for an inquiry learning experience?
	a few minutes per class period
	an entire class period
	several consecutive class periods
	several weeks of class time
	1 month or more of class time
radio,How often do you think inquiry lessons should be included?
	every day
	once per week
	once per month
	once per unit or semester

grid,How confident are you in enacting the following instructional practices?
choicerange
	Not confident
	A little confident
	Confident
	Highly confident
rows
	Providing alternative explanations or examples when students are confused
	Responding to difficult questions from your students
	Adjusting your lessons to differentiate for individual student needs
	Using a variety of assessment strategies
	Monitoring student understanding on an ongoing basis throughout a unit
	Assessing student understanding at the conclusion of a unit
	Providing appropriate challenges for high-achieving students
	Developing lessons that combine subject matter, technologies, and teaching approaches.

grid,What is your opinion of working with your peers in an online course?
choicerange
	Not at all
	To a large extent
	5
rows
	It is important to have frequent discussions and exchanges with other students
	It is important for me to explain my ideas to other students
	It is important to ask other students to explain their ideas to me
	Other students usually listened carefully to my ideas

grid,Opinion about activities and content of course
choicerange
	Not at all
	To a large extent
	5
rows
	The level of activities required of participants was appropriate
	The activities helped me to achieve my goals as a learner.
	I enjoyed and benefited from the interactions with peers in discussions and inquiry activities.
	The topics, activities, and resources of this course will be useful to me in my future teaching

grid,If you participated in design strand activities, how useful did you find the following collaboration and communication tools?
choicerange
	Didn't know it was there
	Not useful
	Somewhat useful
	Useful
	Very useful
rows
	Live chat with design team members
	Email notifications of when a team member entered
	Email between team members
	Etherpad prompts and editing
	Wiki editing
	Critical review and feedback from MOOC peers
	Welcome message each week in design strand
	Technology and Inquiry Resources that were brainstormed in the early weeks of the course
